pence now this is chermont staff Oh
specifically inspired there are little
samples switch hands with the Mexican
motion do Jay David Lynch hand wavy
gestures with this hat inspired by uni
that's my little cat there's a little
real as you can hear she's at a be very
pretty and in life we are all like lost
pets looking for our forever home those
of you who declare that to be cheesy
corny pretentious are denying yourself
the pleasure of being loved and it's
another 44 affair but along this
informal sweet I want to explore what
could all be done with that structure to
take some of the most generic sounds in
fact you may hear in a lot of trance
music I'm not very good with genres
anymore and to combine them in different
ways to introduce corporations
introduced surprise were elements of the
rhythm are dropping in at out and then
to break that all down again I believe
that's coming up very shortly to take
the beat away and to give us a moment of
contemplation such as realizing the sun
is shining and going out there and
feeling the warmth even on a cold winter
day so you feel warm and cold at the
same time and experiencing that lush
natural beauty that's what often comes
to mind I think about how pets your pets
experience that
and they are not shaded they are not
judgmental they like what they like and
this was sort of inspired by that do do
do do do do do do that here in clocks
because it is a comment on our morality
and our mortality and what we do here
good things we do to make it make life
really matter so it's real not a thrill
back because that might imply
regressions and way but if I did throw
back like a boomerang I would bring it
forth to further that but it is a
tribute homage to joyful rave music that
doesn't have to explain itself in the
words or other supplementary materials
its effects are very visible by the
dancers on the club floor or the
warehouse and feeling that like a cat
feeling sprightly feeling agile playful
and ultimately so thankful for life and
celebrating that and another thing I
love doing is having these outro moments
better ambient
and taking it a familiar theme in a bit
of a different direction but letting it
wash over you and just standing there
like moments in a all own if you're all
on the last person that world and you
feel lonely but at the same time you
know that you're going to be transported
to the next one and there you go